(The products and organizations have been created for the drama.)
(The story and its characters are fictional.)
Run.
What?
Go save the bird.
My goodness!
Are you all right? Excuse me.
Put the bird in your hat, and hand it over to her.
Don't forget to say you hope that the bird makes it.
I'll take it from here.
- Take this. - Pardon?
Put the bird in here.
Sorry?
All right.
Be careful.
Where should I take it?
That way.
Wait.
- Are you all right? - Yes.
Hold my arm.
(Episode 2)
What's taking so long?
Luckily, the bullet just swerved. They need to treat it a bit more.
- Thank you for your help. - My pleasure.
Get out of there since you checked the bird is okay.
What kind of a lunatic would shoot a bird? I have to catch that jerk.
Yes, you must. What a lunatic.
Right.
He's probably gone, right?
My goodness.
Your pants... Please hold on.
This is the blanket I use for emergency.
You might catch a cold. So why don't you...
- wrap this around your body? - Okay.
Do I look weird?
A bit? You look weird just a bit.
But still. It's much better than catching a cold.
Wait.
You don't have to return the blanket.
Your hat.
Wait.
Shoot.
Darn.
Hey, you!
I got it.
Use your words.
Don't curse with your eyes.
I guess you can hear me loud and clear.
I can hear you all the way here.
I'm wearing a skirt.
Hey, you know nothing about women.
Business regarding Cheong A Group,
accurate shooting that only hurts the feathers,
studying, winning Mom over,
and flattering Secretary Oh and Ms. Icheon.
You're better at these things than me, but I know women better.
I know women better than you.
What good would disappearing do after rescuing the bird?
I must get things going.
The woman you're going to marry...
isn't some woman.
She's Na Mo Hyun.
Fine.
I got it. She's not just some woman. She's Na Mo Hyun.
That's why I'm letting you scold me.
You're going to drive. I'm tired.
I jumped into the water to save the bird. Why are you tired?
Oh, right. Na Mo Hyun said...
she's going to catch...
the lunatic who shot the bird.
It's legal to hunt that particular kind of birds.
Of course it is.
But if you're going to shoot something next, tell me in advance.
If you have prior knowledge, you'll look unnatural.
It must look natural.
Why does she come here to watch birds?
They're going to come and leave anyway.
If the migratory birds return,
that's evidence that the environment hasn't contaminated yet.
She's just happy to see them.
She's happy.
That's why she keeps going around to watch them.
She pretends that she knows the birds...
to make her feel better.
Kang Pil Joo, you've been studying.
I should be the one studying though.
Hey, get rid of your women.
What? Women?
The problem is that you don't take me seriously.
I'm not dating anyone.
Was there a time I kept a secret from you?
Yes, I did that once. A long ago.
But I came clean about that, and I'll tell you everything.
Should you really tell me everything in the future?
I already know.
- I know about Na Mo Hyun. - Right.
Without her,
you will never...
be able to win against Jang Yuh Cheon.
Never.
I can love Na Mo Hyun...
and other women as well.
I'm confident I can pull it off.
There you go again with your eyes.
I was just joking.
Just hit me.
Punch me, so you can feel better...
and help me get married. Please?
But Pil Joo,
you don't think a single woman will be able to make me happy...
happy for the rest of my life, do you?
Did you really just punch me?
You moron!
You're driving.
That crazy jerk. Hey!
Hey, I'm going to kill you! Hey!
Welcome back.
Oh, this?
I...
I fell when I was chasing after some girl.
Pil Joo can fill in the rest.
Go easy on him.
- It looked like he bled a lot. - He said he fell.
He's going around to watch the migratory birds?
That's the report I received.
Pil Joo always has an agenda when he does something.
But he's watching birds?
Dad.
I didn't know Mr. Woo was with you.
From now on, go to your grandfather's house, Mooshimwon,
and have breakfast before going to work.
With Grandfather?
It's going to take more than 30 minutes for me to get there.
I'll do that, sir.
Here.
What is this?
You can't go empty-handed to your grandfather's house.
This is the article for tomorrow's morning paper.
- Show that to him. - Yes, sir.
(President Jang Seong Man)
That would be...
enough for their first encounter.
So what's your plan?
I'm going to make Boo Cheon cross paths with Na Mo Hyun.
It will be done slowly and seen as a coincidence.
His ties to Cheong A Group will be concealed completely.
To get married,
they must be aware of his connections to Cheong A Group.
Once she truly loves Boo Cheon,
she will forgive him.
Love will earn her forgiveness?
Yes. That's the kind of a woman Na Mo Hyun is.
She won't forgive him when Boo Cheon is to inherit the company?
She hates the riches.
That's why I'm going to hide it until she truly...
loves Bu Cheon.
She sounds worse than a foolish girl who's still wet behind her ears.
I'm worried...
to accept her as my daughter-in-law...
and make her as one of my people.
(Schedule)
(Na Mo Hyun schedule)
The place in this picture.
Isn't that your old house?
Na Mo Hyun posted this photo...
on the website that she and her friends...
talk about the loves of their lives.
She posted that picture on it.
Here.
Who is Jo In Ho?
(Jo In Ho)
The book belongs to Jo In Ho.
My father...
bought that book for her from your junk shop...
for her to study.
I burnt everything before I left.
She thinks you're Jo In Ho.
Hold on.
Does that mean...
you're her first love?
What about you?
Is she your first love?
I didn't even know her name.
Na Mo Hyun.
There must be a reason for her to visit your old house...
and take a picture with the only book left?
There's no such thing.
I'm sorry...
for being a bad father.
I know you didn't do that,
but I can't help you.
I'm so angry...
that I can't even sleep.
Father.
Don't come here. Go to the hospital. Okay?
Tell them to help you on credit,
and I'll pay them back...
once I get out of here.
Okay, Father?
21, 22, 23, 24, 25,
26, 27, 28, 29, 30...
3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8...
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6...
What are you doing?
No!
What's wrong?
Why would you try to die?
It's scary.
Mo Hyun.
Mom.
What are you doing here?
I'm waiting for my partner.
My partner's been very lonely.
The house is right there. Why would you wait here?
Are you going to run to Dad...
once he gets off the car?
No.
I'm going to watch him...
walk up the stairs and hug him.
Goodness.
I don't know how you still love each other so much.
I envy you.
Don't.
The person whom you bought the steak...
No. It's over.
Is it because of Jo In Ho?
Do you think I'm still in middle school?
That's so long ago.
You said you told the professor's nephew about him.
I had no choice, but to talk about it...
because I had nothing else to talk about.
You two must have hit it off to talk about it.
You said you're waiting for your partner.
I'll come back after I make dinner for you.
I can take care of myself.
Mom, I can do it.
Mom.
(Jo In Ho)
I just...
want to see...
how he's doing.
That's all.
Mom.
- Drop this at the dry cleaning. - Whose hat is this?
Someone I'm very grateful for.
What did I tell you?
I said we'll catch up with Boo Cheon soon.
- Hello. - Hey.
Why is he with Grandfather?
- I didn't know you were coming. - It's a surprise.
What else would I do at home? It's better to come to work.
Why would you come with Yuh Cheon when you have me...
- and Attorney Jang? - That's...
Yuh Cheon's surprise.
You look very happy today, Grandfather.
Don't you read the newspaper?
("Bowon Residents Welcome Interchange Construction")
I read the summary of articles Yuh Cheon gave me this morning,
and I read it again on the newspaper here.
The more I read about it, the happier I am.
Show our gratitude to Hanmin Daily Chairman,
- Seong Man. - Yes.
Let me get a report from you. It's been a while.
- Grandfather... - Be quiet.
I have something to tell him. Just wait.
Okay.
I rushed to make this.
Father. It's me.
Father?
Go tell Ms. Han...
to come.
I think Father's in a deep sleep.
There's no one in the kitchen.
Sir, it's Secretary Ahn.
Do you think something happened?
What do you mean?
He went to work after breakfast.
Attorney Kang and Director Jang...
didn't say anything about going to work with him.
Director Jang Yuh Cheon accompanied him.
Goodness.
Director Jang Yuh Cheon must have forgotten to say hello to you again.
I'll tell him to say hello tomorrow.
Is Yuh Cheon coming again tomorrow?
He said he'll have breakfast with Grandfather every day.
Chairman Jang loves having breakfast...
with his grandson every day.
I'm doing all the work.
I'm only putting one more spoon on the table,
but it's so much work.
Prospect research on hybrid market?
Is this from our rival group?
Yes. Also,
securing lot for Chung A Bio-S Clean factory
- is going smooth. - Okay.
- President Woo. - Yes, sir.
You know the company we bought in Myanmar.
Send Boo Cheon there...
to learn work for a year.
Grandfather.
Sir, there's nothing for Director Jang to learn.
It's too small.
I'm telling you to put him in charge because it's small.
Go find out which market we must dominate...
to make profit.
I think it'll give a positive impression to our group...
when an article about you learning business there gets released.
You're right.
I'll tell my father-in-law about it.
Okay.
Hey, Kang Pil Joo. I can't go to Myanmar. I'm not going!
Hey, Kang Pil Joo.
What are we going to do?
If I get stuck in Myanmar now,
how am I going to marry Na Mo Hyun?
Hey, go persuade him.
No.
- Let's go beg him together. - There's no use.
He said it in front of President Woo...
to show you that he won't change his mind.
Why does Grandfather hate me so much?
He doesn't hate you, Boo Cheon.
He just loves Chung A.
There are only two types of person for Honorary Chairman.
Person who's beneficial to Chung A...
and...
the rest.
Honorary Chairman went to work...
accompanied by Yuh Cheon.
Okay.
I want simple lunch.
- Get me udon. - Yes, ma'am.
It'll become sticky if you knead it for a bit more.
It's not easy at all.
This is how she ate udon...
even before she got married.
By the way,
she never eats in the study.
It's strange.
(Mooshimwon)
Are you sure...
there's no alternative way?
- What if we fail? - We already failed.
He has to go to Myanmar soon.
What if Grandfather tries something stupid?
What are you going to do then?
Go. Go, and...
stop Boo Cheon from going to Myanmar.
Okay, ma'am.
I'll tell him I'll leave Chung A as well...
if he fails.
I'll make sure to pay you...
- if he can get married to her. - Okay.
[VIU Ver] E02 Money Flower "Power over Love"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why are we here?
Sir.
I'll build a Cheong A tower here for you.
How can you build a tower here?
Did you kidnap me to play a trick on me?
I'm going to marry off...
Boo Cheon to the daughter of Congressman Na Gi Chul,
the future presidential candidate.
What's good does marrying off Boo Cheon to his daughter do?
That's right.
So...
Yes.
You'll marry off Boo Cheon to his daughter,
so that the two families grow in trust.
Once he becomes the president,
we can get a permission to build a tower here.
Yes, sir.
Do you think it'll be easy...
to marry off Boo Cheon?
I'm thinking only of success.
On your 100th birthday,
I'll hold a grand party for you...
on the 120th floor of our new tower.
Good.
It'll also be great to have my 120th birthday party...
on the 120th floor.
Make a list of how much political funding...
we will need to support.
Let's discuss this again with the list.
Yes, sir.
That's enough. Let's go now.
Oh, and I'll cancel the appointment...
of Boo Cheon to Myanmar.
Okay.
We need...
that silly punk to be the groom.
Marriage is also a business.
They should be responsible if this business fails.
What did they say they'll do...
if this marriage doesn't work out?
They said they'll hand over all their shares...
and leave Cheong A.
And I'll leave Cheong A as well...
if this doesn't work out.
You're all very determined.
Do it in secret.
Do it quietly so you don't cause any trouble.
Or it'll go into vain.
Okay, sir.
You're really here.
You'll go home if I kiss you, okay?
Okay.
Good.
- Go now. - What?
Hold on.
Wait.
Hello?
Mo Hyun.
Do you really not feel guilty?
We know it all.
Stop it.
What?
Sorry, Mo Hyun. It's because she keeps failing the exam.
Don't worry.
It's okay.
Hey!
Hey... Give me that.
I submitted my application...
to Myunghwa Middle School too.
I didn't know.
I really didn't know.
Kyung Ho, don't you think...
she got accepted with Congressman Na as her background?
Gosh.
Look at how she can't say anything.
So Hee.
My dad...
is this kind of person.
He doesn't let me...
go to the interview...
if the director of the school...
calls him and talks about me.
Liar.
I'm serious.
Mo Hyun and that guy don't seem so close with each other.
Let's go.
You can go first.
Okay, I'll see you later.
I respect my dad.
Please take back...
what you just said.
Hey, are you okay?
She's very drunk.
Why are you alone?
- Who are you? - I'll take you to your house.
What?
- Stand up. - What are you doing?
- Let's go. - Stop.
What?
Who are you?
Gosh.
Who are you, punk?
Why this little...
Let's go.
Thank you.
Kyung Ho,
I'm sorry.
I'm too heavy, aren't I?
I can walk home.
If you drink a lot and act like you're not drunk again,
I'll scold you hard.
Kyung Ho.
You trust me, right?
My dad...
didn't even know that I applied for Myunghwa Middle School.
It's real.
I trust you.
I made pollack soup for you.
I won't eat it. I might throw up if I do.
You learned how to drink from your dad,
so you should know how to stop before you get drunk.
It's a surprise that you came home safely.
Kyung Ho took me home.
I heard a bell ring and found you outside alone.
He must've left me in front of the gate.
No, I think he carried me on his back.
Goodness gracious.
You can't do that.
Don't let just any man carry you on his back.
It's not just any man. It's Kyung Ho. Don't you know him?
I'll tell him to be responsible for me since he carried me.
What? Why this...
- You're not sober yet, are you? - No.
I'm still drunk.
Gosh, hey.
I can't talk much because I feel nauseous.
You really didn't carry me home?
You sent all of us home by taxi.
- You gave us taxi fee too. - What?
Who was it?
Congressman Na who failed to be a presidential candidate this year...
has accepted Congressman Lee's offer...
- to be his chief campaigner. - Hang up for a second.
Mom, did you know that Dad is going to be the chief campaigner?
Last night, Congressman Na accepted to be the chief campaigner.
It's said that he's discussing a campaign strategy...
with Congressman Lee during their breakfast at the moment.
We'll take it as a positive signal...
to our offer...
if you accept to be the chief campaigner.
We'll proceed the marriage between the two.
Now, it's up to you, Boo Cheon.
Congressman Na becoming the chief campaigner...
means that he accepts our offer.
When will you get rid of Boo Cheon's girlfriend?
- So you knew it. - I assumed it at first,
but these days, I smell her perfume.
It's such a vulgar scent of perfume.
Why aren't you answering?
- Shall I do it myself? - I'll do it.
I was planning to get rid of her soon anyway.
What did you do that he canceled the appointment only after a day?
I want to know the reason too.
Can you go ask Grandfather...
and share the reason with me too?
I'm still on my duty, but you want me to leave all of a sudden?
I can't leave, being treated like a piece of luggage.
What do you want?
I want to see him.
(Boo Cheon)
- Hello? - Yes, sir. It's Attorney Kang.
Ms. Yoon Seo Won, the receptionist,
has been appointed to the Chinese branch of Cheong A Motors.
She wants to see you before she leaves.
Yoon Seo Won? Who's she?
Why does she want to see me when I don't know her?
How dare he...
The flight has departed.
I checked her name on the passenger list.
- Go home by my car. - I'll just go.
Okay, then just go.
Good job today.
Pil Joo.
Let's grab a drink.
- Come in. - Let's go somewhere outside.
I don't like either this house or your room.
Your room is huge,
but it feels like the tiny room of slaves in historical dramas.
Let's go outside and have some makgeolli.
Pil Joo.
(Auntie)
I didn't know there's this kind of place in the middle of Seoul.
What's the matter?
It's been quite a while since I accepted to be the chief campaigner.
Why haven't I gotten any calls from you?
I should know how the things are going.
Your daughter and Director Jang...
safely had their coincidental first encounter.
And they'll run into each other coincidentally...
a few times more from now on.
I hope you don't contact me...
regarding their relationship.
My daughter's life depends on this.
Their encounters should be as natural as possible.
Wouldn't it be more natural...
if you don't know any of this?
Then I'll go down first.
(Congressman Na Gi Chul)
Is it that shocking to see me in your office?
You've never come to visit my office before.
Right, it's my first time.
I felt like you needed me.
Mom said she didn't know anything about the chief campaigner either.
You did a very good job...
in accepting the position.
I feel much better thanks to you.
On the night you lost to Congressman Lee,
your advisers came to our house and said they couldn't accept it,
claiming that Congressman Lee bribed other members to vote for him...
because you maintained a big lead in the polls,
and they even suggested defection.
But you said this.
"I cannot break the rules..."
"because they broke the rules first."
"Although the competition wasn't a fair one,"
"admitting the result will bring about..."
"a great progress of the nation's democracy."
When I heard that,
I realized how happy and lucky I was...
to have a father like you.
Help Candidate Lee become the president this time,
and run for the presidency again five years later.
I'm sure the party members will choose your sincerity...
over money in the future.
You turned off your phone.
I did.
Grandfather is waiting.
He told me to have you attend when I...
sign the agreement to turn over Daeil Distribution to Yuh Cheon.
That deal must have been withdrawn after I elaborated...
on Cheong A Tower plan.
I can see that you're bewildered.
You're rambling on.
That makes me even sadder.
I thought it was all resolved thanks to the marriage project.
But I was wrong.
Grandfather wants to hand over...
Daeil Distribution to Yuh Cheon no matter what.
If it's listed, its aggregate market price will be over two billion.
Yuh Cheon, that jerk...
This is why he was buttering Grandfather up.
Pil Joo.
At his memorial service after my grandfather passes away,
I won't make a deep bow.
He says I'm not fully grown yet,
so I won't make full bows either.
Your grandfather is such an amazing person.
I'm sure he'll live to a great age.
His first goal is...
to enjoy 120 years of longevity, right?
His second goal is to have eternal life.
I heard that you asked for me.
Right. You look more than fine.
As you drank too much last night,
Executive Jung suggested I talk to you in the morning.
Why don't you come into my room?
I have something to tell you in private.
(Agreement, Transfer-Acquisition Contract)
If Yuh Cheon obtains...
Daeil Distribution at the same value Director Jang inherited,
the National Tax Service would find the transfer tax problematic,
and the Financial Supervisory Commission...
would bring breach of Capital Market Act into question.
Executive Jung said the same thing before.
Do you really think I had no idea about those?
We're family.
If such legal problems arouse later,
we'll find ways to deal with them, Attorney Kang.
As we confirmed it in the presence of a lawyer,
if the legal team doesn't cooperate,
take the seals of Yuh Cheol and Boo Cheol and finalize it.
Yes, sir.
Executive Jung,
you need to learn how to be grateful.
I took back my decision...
and let you keep staying in here.
Then you should express your gratitude.
Executive Jung worked tirelessly...
to make Daeil Distribution into a successful business.
She must be perturbed.
Help her feel better.
Can't you even stand this trivial pain?
She set the new record of 21.04 seconds...
for the women's 100-meter backstroke in the Asian Games.
She won Korea's first swimming gold medal.
With the great applause...
You should also win a gold medal in the Olympics later.
Gold medal.
Please teach me how to swim.
Lie down like this.
("Vice Chairman Jang Soo Man of Cheong A Died")
("Vice President Jang Soo Man of Cheong A Died")
("Jang Seong Man Appointed as New Vice President")
Stay in the villa written on it.
Father will send someone there.
Your grandfather...
is waiting at the house across the river.
Until he pokes...
his own eyes,
cuts his own flesh,
and throttles himself,
don't give way to anything,
Ms. Jung Mal Lan.
(Money Flower)
What a coincidence.
It's nice to meet you. I'm Jang Boo Cheon.
I'm Kang Pil Joo.
What do you do?
I need to delete all the online articles...
about me and Jang Boo Cheon.
Five years isn't a long time, sir.
You should prepare in advance.
I'll give you the money on the wedding day.
Cheong A must be owned by one person no matter what.
You have 15 days.
Let me meet with Boo Cheon's future wife within 15 days.